---
layout: post
title: Black Swans
---
The point of "The Black Swan" is to challenge the conventional wisdom of taking on a "healthy" amount of risk in order to achieve a desired reward. This approach is based on the assumption that it is possible to accurately predict and calculate the risks and rewards of a given situation, but Taleb argues that this is not the case. Instead, he advocates for an asymmetric approach that acknowledges the impossibility of accurately predicting larger, unpredictable changes in our world, and that seeks to take advantage of these "black swan" events.

Taleb argues that the false sense of security and certainty that comes from trying to calculate and control risk leads us to make dangerous and ultimately misguided decisions. Instead, he urges us to embrace uncertainty and to avoid the "middle ground" of moderate risk-taking. By accepting the inherent uncertainty and unpredictability of the world, we can avoid being blindsided by black swan events and can instead position ourselves to take advantage of them when they occur.

In practical terms, Taleb recommends investing the majority of our resources in safe, low-risk investments, such as Treasury bonds, and using a small portion to take on highly uncertain positions with the potential for huge upsides, such as venture capital. This asymmetric approach allows us to anticipate and benefit from black swan events, while still achieving growth and success. It also avoids the trap of basing our decisions on "knowledge" that we cannot trust, recognizing that our brains are not well-equipped to deal with the chaos and uncertainty of the world.